Name: Patemasella Gawanas (223017485)
Simple Student Registration System
This project is a web-based student registration system built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It allows users to register students, view them as profile cards, edit their details, and see a summary table of all registered students. All data is stored in localStorage, so it persists across page reloads.
Features
Registration Form
	•	Fully accessible with labels and ARIA attributes.
	•	Inline validation with user feedback.
	•	Upload student photo (optional).
Profile Cards
	•	Dynamically generated for each registered student.
	•	Displays all student details including photo.
	•	Edit and Remove buttons for each profile.
Summary Table
	•	Displays all registered students in tabular form.
	•	Includes thumbnails of student photos.
	•	Supports Edit and Remove functionality.
	•	Edit & Cancel Edit
	•	Edit a student by clicking the Edit button.
	•	Cancel an edit using the Cancel Edit button.
	•	Persistent Storage
	•	Uses localStorage to save student data.
	•	Data remains after page reload.
	•	Responsive & Accessible Design
	•	Keyboard navigation supported.
	•	Adequate color contrast.
	•	Screen reader-friendly using ARIA attributes.
	•	
Pages
form.html – Home page with navigation links.
profiles.html – Displays student profile cards.
summary.html – Displays summary table of all students.

Installation
Clone or download the repository.
Open index.html in any modern web browser.
No server is required; everything runs in the browser.

Usage
Fill out the registration form.
Optionally upload a student photo.
Click Register to save the student.
Navigate to Profiles to see the profile cards.
Navigate to Summary to view the table of students.
Click Edit to update a student.
Click Remove to delete a student.
Use Cancel Edit to cancel editing any student.

Technologies
HTML5 – Semantic and accessible structure.
CSS3 – Styled using a color palette: #0077cc and #ddd.
JavaScript – Dynamic DOM manipulation, form validation, localStorage.

Notes
Photos are stored as Base64 strings in localStorage.
All functionality works offline.
Designed for desktop and mobile browsers.

License
This project is open-source and free to use.
